DarkOneJSP3 v1.0.22 Validation Report
=====================================

Scope
-----
This report covers the files evaluated by the bundled release validator. Its
scope includes package structure, runtime scripts, configuration and reset
behaviour, metadata, documentation and intentional compatibility mirrors. The
maintainer-managed DarkOneJSP3.fcl is deliberately excluded from inspection,
validation and the audited-file count.

Checks
------
- JSP3 3.8.5 API validation scans every DarkOneJSP3/JSP3 sample script and
  rejects known host/API mix-ups including legacy `fb.GetQueryItems()`, the
  JSplitter/SMP-only `plman.PlaylistItemCount()`, JSP3 `FillSolidRect()` use,
  invalid `on_fonts_changed()` callbacks and native `Dispose`/`Find`/`GetItem`
  methods gated by JavaScript `typeof == function` checks. Temporary playlist
  handle-list calls chained directly into another method are also rejected so
  callers retain an explicit `Dispose()` opportunity.
- JS Playlist resource-lifetime checks require generated top-bar/header/scrollbar/
  playlist-manager/settings image resources to be disposed before replacement,
  and runtime unload cleanup releases the current UI images. Temporary selected
  item/playlist handle lists used by drag/drop, selection-count and duration paths
  are explicitly disposed. The shared Smooth scrollbar applies the same image
  replacement and unload discipline.
- Selective JS Playlist render-cache invalidation calls JSP3 native `GetItem()`
  and `Find()` directly inside exception handling and disposes temporary handles,
  avoiding false full-cache invalidation when native methods report their type as
  `unknown`.
- Display label-state validation verifies that changing volume while playback is
  stopped activates only VOLUME: TIME and TIME REMAINING remain inactive.
  During playback, the normal time label and temporary VOLUME label remain active.
- Shared colour-picker helpers and the legacy bottom-area fallback accept
  native `utils.ColourPicker` methods even when JScript Panel reports their
  type as `unknown`; strict function-only guards are rejected. Opaque ARGB
  values are converted to signed 32-bit integers at the native picker boundary,
  and returned values must be finite integers inside the supported signed or
  unsigned 32-bit range.
- Picker exceptions produce contextual console diagnostics. Because the native
  picker cannot distinguish Cancel from OK with the supplied colour unchanged,
  an unchanged result is treated as non-destructive cancellation. Custom mode
  selection is therefore separate from picker editing: selecting Custom
  immediately reapplies the remembered value, while Set custom colour... opens
  the native picker.
- The real DarkOne Tools menu hierarchy is executed end to end through the
  optional `DarkOneJSP3/Tools/Menu` button command. Tests verify the top-level
  Appearance/Buttons/Fonts/High-DPI/Startup order, bottom-positioned Utilities,
  descriptive style labels, unique command IDs,
  shared style/depth/roundness propagation and malformed-property defaults,
  together with saved Custom mode selection and Set custom colour... edit
  commands. Tests also verify
  signed picker arguments, remembered-colour reapplication without invoking the
  picker, selected-state persistence, cancellation, failure handling and
  exactly-once disposal of every popup menu. Startup state and selected actions
  are tested across the dedicated TOOLS-to-root bridge. The production menu
  uses one bottom-area dispatch path protected by `try/finally` cleanup.
- The Background linear gradient toggle is exercised through the real TOOLS
  hierarchy. Tests verify the supported public v1-to-v5 state migration,
  rejection of unpublished v2-v4 state, revisioned persistence, strict v5
  transient-commit round-tripping and rejection of obsolete commits,
  coordinated cross-host application, appearance reset, exact 30% brightness
  reduction and nested-coordinate continuity without gradient restarts. The
  preceding
  Bottom area depth submenu is checked for Flat/Soft radio state, independence
  from the gradient, an exact 20% brightness increase with channel clamping and
  the exact in-place four-row `#000000` / `#0F0F0F` / two-row highlight
  contract. The adjacent default-on Bottom side dividers toggle is checked for
  separator placement, persistence, cross-host hiding/restoration and retained
  colour settings.
- InfoStack navigation validation exercises the direct six-page top-level menu,
  Tab settings/Appearance grouping, persistent Show tab strip state,
  full-height active-page layout while hidden, appearance-reset restoration and
  the optional `DarkOneJSP3/InfoStack/Menu` command. The button-opened popup is
  runtime-tested as locally owned by the invoking JScript Panel; live menu state
  is mirrored through a runtime-only snapshot and only the selected action is
  forwarded to InfoStack after popup dismissal. The obsolete direct
  `infostack-menu` notification payload is deliberately ignored so it cannot
  recreate cross-panel popup ownership; selected-action payloads and existing
  LAYOUT/SPECTRUM view-command semantics remain supported.
- JS Playlist visible rows cache selection state and the current playback
  location outside paint/mouse hot paths; sequential viewport changes reuse
  surviving row objects and pre-resolved column geometry.
- JS Playlist viewport-culling validation verifies that fractional free/smooth
  scrolling loads every row intersecting the visible panel, including the second
  partial bottom row when required, without changing full-row scrollbar semantics.
- Control-panel resize callbacks update existing button and volume-knob geometry
  rather than recreating interaction objects, while unchanged control and
  InfoStack fonts are retained by effective-key caches.
- Quick Search 0.1.20 colour tests verify the shared six-mode DarkOne
  palette, one-time migration from the previous Default/Custom background model and live
  Transparent / inherit parent resolution against Bottom-area state for both
  Normal and Error backgrounds. The dedicated dark-red Error Default is retained.
  Border tests verify menu exposure, persistent Custom selection, genuinely
  borderless None painting, integer-aligned edge-strip coordinates for exact
  Enabled and Sunken edges/corners, unchanged Default shades and the derived
  inner Sunken shade. Static checks reject a return to centred DrawRectangle
  frame strokes, while host tests reject the old
  parent-owned frame and require the Quick Search child to occupy its complete
  existing slot without changing content geometry.
- The scripted Quick Search is runtime-tested for persistent result modes,
  reusable Standard-results refresh including valid zero-match clearing,
  persistent-GUID-plus-mask lock ownership, target rename/change/reset cleanup
  and protection of unrelated JScript Panel locks. Extended-query execution is
  exercised through the current `IMetadbHandleList.GetQueryItems()` API, while
  static validation rejects the removed legacy `fb.GetQueryItems()` call.
  Appearance and behaviour reset scopes are verified independently and preserve
  tag/history/favourite user data; complete reset restores the documented
  2-line/44%/automatic-font defaults. Static checks also require the fixed
  `DarkOneJSP3\images\quicksearch.png` model and reject the removed
  PowerShell/file-dialog prototype path. JS Playlist bridge tests verify
  standalone absence, malformed/duplicate tag sanitisation, multi-field context
  evaluation and Search-for-same notification payloads.
- The project Queue Viewer consumes a versioned file-backed state produced by
  the always-running root JSplitter through `plman.GetPlaybackQueueContents()`.
  Valid bridge generations are applied without evaluating `%queue_indexes%` or
  scanning playlists. The same bridge now accepts generation-bound mutation
  commands for single/multi removal, clear, queue reordering and skip-to-track;
  stale commands are rejected, duplicate occurrences are addressed by queue
  position and detached handles remain reorderable or directly skippable.
  Reorder tests model live queue-wrapper invalidation at flush time and verify
  that playlist-backed source coordinates are snapshotted beforehand. Move up,
  Move down, Move to top and Move to bottom are all exercised with mixed
  playlist-backed/detached queues and multi-selection, preserving Queue Viewer
  title formatting, source associations and JS Playlist queue-position fields.
- Skip-to-track tests cover double-click and context-menu dispatch, exact
  generation/position serialisation, removal of only preceding entries,
  foobar2000 Next playback, preserved queue tails, detached targets, stale
  command rejection and complete rollback when playback advance fails.
- Queue-reconstruction failure tests inject errors during both the initial
  rebuild and rollback. A successful rollback restores original order and source
  coordinates; a failed rollback reports the secondary failure and publishes
  the actual partial queue rather than leaving consumers on stale state.
- Processed, malformed, empty and stale queue command files are removed so the 50 ms root
  poll does not repeatedly reread and parse an already-consumed payload. Failed
  queue-state writes use bounded publication retries without falsely advancing
  the published generation, and the Queue Viewer waits for an acknowledged
  generation instead of accepting older bridge state.
- Shared information-page colour tests exercise the complete Colours hierarchy,
  unique command IDs, remembered page/text choices, Dynamic artwork palette
  activation and restoration after Dynamic is disabled. Queue Viewer tests add
  custom selected-row background/text painting and preserve the former
  translucent highlight when Selected background remains Default. The stored
  pre-feature Queue wrapper shape is also exercised with project-bridge
  detection, ensuring upgraded FCL layouts expose the selection submenu. Mouse
  geometry tests also require empty list space to clear selection while row,
  scrollbar and outside-panel clicks retain their existing behaviour.
  Transparent page mode must derive highlight contrast from the inherited
  Columns UI background, selected Queue colours are resolved once per paint,
  generic panels do not allocate inactive enhanced-colour submenus and
  intermediate playback stops cannot trigger a transient Dynamic repaint.
- Shared information-page wallpaper tests exercise None, playing-track front
  cover and absolute/profile-relative custom-image sources, optional 50-strength
  blur, cover-cropped painting below the page header at 10% opacity, immediate
  menu repainting, artwork-specific refreshes without metadata-only reloads,
  appearance-reset defaults and
  native image/bitmap disposal during replacement, disabling and script unload.
  Hidden pages defer image loading and blur until their next visible paint, and
  generic panels do not allocate the inactive wallpaper submenu.
- The standalone/fallback Queue Viewer retains constant-time selection lookup,
  5 ms work slices with 1 ms yields, no full-playlist handle-list allocation,
  progressive publishing and targeted removal/playback-advance refreshes.
  `%queue_total%` now terminates non-empty fallback discovery as soon as every
  queue position has been found.
- InfoStack painting consumes one invalidation-driven render model containing
  visible tabs, labels, rectangles and resolved colours instead of repeatedly
  reading properties during paint and mouse movement.
- InfoStack optional-button menu-state publication is change-driven: unchanged
  resizes, cancelled menus and action paths that already published their new
  state do not rewrite the runtime snapshot.
- Main-column validation exercises all three persistent LAYOUT modes, including
  the InfoStack | Playlist geometry, single divider, ArtSpectrum visibility and
  the complete three-step cycle back to the standard layout.
- Album Art blur work is deferred until a blur-using layout paints, generated
  once per source and cancelled/disposed safely on metadata changes or unload.
- Bottom-area state is shared through js_data\darkonejsp3.bottom-area-state.txt
  so the three JScript Panel instances and the Bottom Controls JSplitter host do
  not depend on cross-component NotifyOthers delivery. Legacy state stored under
  DarkOneJSP3\shared is migrated automatically, rewritten as revisioned v5 state
  and retired after successful canonical persistence.
- JScript Panel state persistence uses the canonical two-argument
  `utils.WriteTextFile(path, content)` form. False returns and exceptions are
  logged with the target path, and failed bottom-area writes receive up to eight
  bounded retries with a state notification after successful recovery.
- Each JScript panel reads and applies the state once during initialisation,
  before its first paint. Live updates stage the same pending state and apply it
  at one shared timestamp across participating component hosts.
- Divider-only changes persist and update shared menus without rebuilding
  JScript control or Display visual resources.
- Shared bottom-area appearance refreshes call only methods exported by the real
  DisplaySystem implementation; validation rejects mocks or compatibility helpers
  that invent removed Display cache APIs.
- Bottom Controls remains the sole cross-host polling owner. One ordered 25 ms
  timeout scheduler consumes active colour commits before slower work; Quick
  Search and View commands are checked at 100 ms, while canonical state and
  reset commands use 500 ms fallback cadence. The previous overlapping interval
  and duplicate commit check are rejected.
- Coordinated-commit tests verify that JSP3 panels, Bottom Controls, inherited
  Quick Search backgrounds and Automatic Display/Waveform backing do not expose
  the new colour before the shared apply time; rapid commits supersede older
  pending commits without flashing intermediate states.
- Persistence-failure tests preserve the applied revision while canonical state
  is stale, repair it after a bounded deadline and yield only to a revision with
  a newer issue timestamp. This covers both retry recovery and command-write
  failure without timing-dependent rollback.
- Display/Waveform reads the shared bottom-area state once, defaults to
  Automatic Host background and receives coordinated commit/state notifications
  relayed by Bottom Controls inside the JSplitter domain. Automatic custom and
  Columns UI
  modes are exercised without adding another poller; Transparent / inherit
  parent must resolve to the shared #181818 parent
  tone and paint the full host surface.
- Waveform Minibar host integration opts DOJSP3.Waveform into JSplitter
  `SupportPseudoTransparency`, allowing the component's native Transparent
  background mode to reveal the resolved DisplayStack backing instead of an
  opaque black child-window fallback.
- A fresh JScript Panel instance is created after persisted colour changes and
  factory reset to verify restart persistence.
- Cross-host factory reset is exercised through
  js_data\darkonejsp3.reset-command.txt; Bottom Controls must consume the
  short-lived command and rebroadcast it to the other JSplitter controllers.
  JScript peers apply defaults locally; tests require exactly one coordinated
  bottom-area commit from the initiator.
- Bottom-area painting covers the complete Bottom Controls host, including the
  lower Quick Search region and the narrow layout gaps beside both divider
  strips; Transparent / inherit parent resolves every bottom surface to #181818,
  while transparent dividers reveal that uniform backing.
- A complete six-mode matrix verifies that Transparent, Black, DarkOne grey,
  DarkOne dark grey, Columns UI and Custom resolve identically in the three
  JScript panels, the Bottom Controls host and Automatic Display/Waveform host.
- Album Art mouse-wheel bursts are coalesced through an 80 ms trailing timer,
  decode only the final selected artwork ID, persist that ID once, retain
  immediate keyboard selection and cancel pending work on metadata changes or
  script unload. Script unload also explicitly disposes active normal and blurred
  Direct2D bitmaps.
- The repository README contains a dedicated Enhanced Sample Library section
  and a direct link to the distributed ENHANCED_SAMPLES.txt guide. Requirements
  and panel-map documentation retain the intended component set and identify the
  current scripted Queue Viewer and Quick Search implementations.
- The complete user-components-x64 tree is staged without a DarkOneJSP3
  directory and every distributed top-level sample import resolves.
- Enhanced sample entries contain no hard DarkOneJSP3 profile-path imports.
- helpers.txt supplies guarded performance and UI-cadence compatibility for
  older saved JS Playlist and Smooth Playlist Manager entry scripts.
- Standalone sample defaults are separated from project-owned theme defaults;
  neutral and legacy reset notifications restore the same preserved properties.
- The generated legacy reset adapter is executed after the current project reset
  registry to reproduce saved entries created before the standalone-sample refactor across every sample role.
- Generic panel object-menu commands remain safe when optional colour support
  is not loaded, while both page-background option names remain supported.
- JS Playlist metadata-only refreshes, including inline star-rating edits,
  preserve and safely clamp the current viewport offset rather than
  recentering on the previously focused item.
- Required project, documentation, controller, loader, wrapper, sample and
  runtime bitmap files are present.
- Volume-knob cleanup uses the supported repaint-scheduler `cancel()` API and
  rejects invalid `stop()` calls on repaint schedulers.
- The volume knob uses the mouse-held drag state for its active highlight and
  clears that highlight immediately on button release; the Centre Display retains
  its independent three-second volume readout.
- The inactive volume-knob indicator colour is persisted independently, applied
  immediately to the existing knob and restored to #404040 by appearance reset;
  tests verify the Default/Custom radio modes, remembered Custom restoration,
  picker dispatch and the colour used by direct paint.
- Every scripted JSplitter and panel source declared by the layout manifest
  resolves to a distributed file; native-component entries are identified
  explicitly.
- Every versioned panel entry in the layout manifest matches the `@version`
  declared by its distributed source file.
- Temporary, backup, empty and case-colliding package files are rejected.
- Build metadata and the layout manifest identify the same release version.
- Every fixed module version recorded by build metadata matches its maintained
  data-driven expectation.
- The validator entry point delegates through a shared validation context to
  focused package, manifest, documentation, source-contract, performance and
  runtime modules; the static entry point is only a small orchestrator.
- Required package paths and fixed module-version expectations are maintained
  as data rather than repeated conditional checks.
- Active scripts use the current DarkOneJSP3 namespace and supported panel
  titles.
- Local @import paths resolve inside the distributed package.
- JavaScript modules, JSplitter loaders and locally preprocessed JScript Panel
  entries are compiled in one isolated Node syntax batch. Imported sources are
  combined in their actual execution order without a redundant wrapper-only
  pass.
- All 33 behavioural JavaScript suites are grouped by subsystem and executed by
  one shared Node harness. Each suite receives an isolated VM context, a named
  structured failure and a bounded timeout, preventing global test-state leaks.
- The layout manifest contains durable target, panel, FCL and user-facing
  feature contracts rather than duplicating the validator's test inventory.
- Demand-driven repaint schedulers coalesce requests, stop when idle and retain
  pending repaint work while a panel is hidden.
- Volume-knob dragging coalesces rapid mouse input, applies the first value
  immediately and flushes the exact final value on release.
- JS Playlist and Playlist Manager expose fixed and custom refresh intervals and
  announce their live values to the adaptive volume-preview protocol.
- Automatic volume-preview cadence follows the fastest reported panel interval
  with a 16 ms fallback, while manual 8/10/12/16 ms overrides remain available.
- Knob-preview and Centre Display repaint scheduling follow the resolved visual
  cadence, while actual fb.Volume writes retain a protected minimum 16 ms
  interval to avoid starving native visualisers.
- Trailing volume-state deadlines extend without clearing and recreating a timer
  for every on_volume_change callback.
- Dot Matrix track numbers, time, bitrate and volume output render directly from
  cached matrix sprite bitmaps instead of rebuilding and disposing mutable
  composite images as values change.
- JS Playlist render-cache tests cover repeated hits, row/handle/all invalidation,
  title-format changes, playback-generation reuse, clock-field overlays,
  cross-column $puts/$get compatibility and bounded cache size.
- Active playlist panels no longer contain permanent idle repaint intervals;
  Playlist Manager row type/lock flags and JS Playlist column geometry are
  cached.
- Bottom Controls paint tests require one seven-field property snapshot per
  frame instead of repeated state reads. JScript gradient-brush serialisation
  and JSplitter row-colour blending are each executed once for unchanged colour
  and geometry, with explicit cache invalidation coverage.
- Album covers, immutable control sprites and display sprite output use reusable
  Direct2D bitmaps with explicit disposal checks.
- Centre Display style tests verify that Plain Font and Dot Matrix selections are
  persisted, initialise style-specific values and repaint immediately without
  rebuilding composite digit images. Direct matrix-draw tests verify source
  geometry and ensure value painting creates no mutable images or new bitmaps.
- Display font-key tests verify repeated unchanged layout calls reuse fonts and
  cached value-label measurements.
- Native JScript Panel COM methods such as CreateBitmap, LoadBitmap, Dispose,
  CreateProfiler and profiler Reset are called directly rather than gated by
  typeof == "function".
- Python maintenance tools are compiled in-process without spawning a separate
  interpreter for every file.
- Intentional compatibility mirrors remain synchronised; generated adapters
  match their canonical source inputs exactly.
- Every reset callback imports its registry and bridge dependencies.
- Coordinated resets use serialised payloads while retaining legacy payload
  compatibility; malformed scopes are rejected by standalone, JScript Panel
  and JSplitter receivers without applying defaults or reloading. Waveform
  blanking and reveal delay are validated as behaviour settings, while the Host
  background remains appearance-only.
- Startup settings remain owned by the root controller. TOOLS reads the
  published root state and forwards selected set, preview and restore commands
  through the established view bridge while preserving reveal timing and
  first-layout safeguards.
- Biography, Last.fm, Album Notes, Properties and the scripted Queue Viewer use
  the shared Dynamic/Page background/Text implementation and coordinated reset
  defaults. Queue alone opts into the additional Selected background control.
- InfoStack, page, side-divider and waveform palettes preserve their documented
  defaults, saved mode values and Columns UI global-background behaviour.
- Shared colour conversion, parsing and Columns UI lookup are used by the
  consolidated colour implementations rather than duplicated local helpers.
- Shared JSplitter startup/divider protocols preserve notification names,
  message versions, saved values, property ownership and readiness behaviour.
- Shared left/right control-panel menu logic preserves optional-button IDs,
  command setup and command re-detection while leaving panel-specific layouts
  local. Context menus expose only Optional buttons; DarkOne Tools and shared
  button appearance are available exclusively from the locally owned TOOLS
  popup.
- InfoStack colour and divider plumbing remains isolated in focused include
  helpers. Its startup-readiness handshake remains intact without retaining
  Startup configuration or menu state.
- Declarative menu mappings preserve the established menu-id-to-mode behaviour,
  including the legacy Custom mode positions.
- JSplitter and JScript Panel native colour-picker signatures are tested
  separately, including JScript Panel's error-on-cancel flag; cancellation
  preserves the existing mode and colour, while text
  entry remains an availability fallback only.
- InfoStack tab labels and the centre-display accent preserve their existing
  Default and Custom modes and can follow the Columns UI selected-item
  background colour.
- Upper-divider colour controls retain established geometry and remain
  independent from the lower control-divider settings.
- LAYOUT/SPECTRUM view-mode tests cover the standard three-column,
  ArtSpectrum/Playlist and InfoStack/Playlist upper geometries, persistent
  Spectrum visibility, square-leading art-only allocation, the correct
  two-divider or one-divider painting for each mode, and synchronous
  hide/prepare/move/show ordering that prevents intermediate native-child frames.
- View-command bridge tests reject and acknowledge stale/malformed command files
  so the 100 ms runtime bridge cannot reread one invalid payload indefinitely.
- Reset, Quick Search and bottom-area command tests apply the same one-observation
  retirement rule, and Quick Search accepts only its current v3 transient shape.
- Album Art 0.1.2 tests require both Panel sizing modes and the full-height square
  crop geometry while preserving the existing image-aspect controls.
- Bottom-area runtime tests isolate the JScript Panel and JSplitter notification
  domains, verify file-backed synchronisation for all three child panels and the
  host, cover every palette mode, transparent painting, full-host geometry,
  divider painting, optional gradient endpoints and independent depth highlights,
  Columns UI live updates and legacy/current protocol serialisation.
  Extreme-height tests cover every Display/Waveform parent offset from zero
  through four so the opaque centre child preserves exactly its covered portion
  of the Soft-depth edge without changing geometry.
- Album Notes provider settings, caching controls and embedded MusicBrainz
  settings are included in coordinated reset coverage.
- Managed AllMusic activation completes or fails closed without leaving a
  provider request indefinitely pending.
- JS Playlist scrollbar dragging uses a dedicated demand-driven latest-target
  frame loop with time-based interpolation. Runtime tests simulate 16 ms mouse
  callbacks and verify that 8 ms renders two distinct intermediate frames while
  16 ms renders one, with equal elapsed-time response and exact final snapping.
- Row-snapped and free-position dragging do not reuse the wheel-throttle timer,
  depend solely on mouse callback cadence or pass through a second repaint delay.
- JS Playlist general repaint requests use the selected smooth-scroll refresh
  interval, while interval-governed animation ticks use a coalesced immediate
  post-tick paint without generating extra frames.
- JS Playlist and Playlist Manager refresh, scrolling and appearance defaults
  are covered by the canonical registry.
- Smooth-scroll refresh-rate tests verify that both panels update their live
  rate values, persist the selected property and reschedule active animation
  timers or frame loops without reverting to the 8 ms default.
- The scripted Queue Viewer is identified as the recommended DOJSP3.Queue panel.
  Validation covers multi-selection, Delete-key removal, source-item commands,
  writable bridge command serialisation, single/multi removal, clear, reorder,
  stale-generation rejection, duplicate occurrences and standalone read-only
  fallback behaviour.
- The bundled FCL policy requires one `DarkOneJSP3` layout using the scripted
  Queue Viewer and scripted JScript Panel 3 Quick Search. Distributed text,
  source and metadata files are scanned for obsolete dependency and alternate-
  layout references, with immutable CHANGELOG and migration-reference history
  explicitly excluded.
- Playlist Manager clears all tracked timers during script unload.
- Public documentation uses current project identifiers and contains only the
  current package version outside CHANGELOG.txt.
- Installation guidance retains the complete Enhanced Spectrum Analyser and
  Waveform Minibar reference settings, including their processing, timing,
  colour and transparency values.
- The Configuration Guide documents the principal user-facing menu surfaces
  in the supported layout, with selected labels checked against both source and
  guide so renamed or omitted menu entries fail validation.
- Native component-owned menus are identified explicitly rather than presented
  as DarkOneJSP3-owned settings.
- Documentation headings, numbered sections and README links are internally
  consistent; Configuration Guide headings require blank-line separation, and
  repository artwork is checked whenever an assets folder is present.
- Installation guidance distinguishes the default standard-install profile at
  %APPDATA%\foobar2000-v2\profile from both supported portable-profile
  structures and keeps the DarkOneJSP3 and user-components-x64 destinations
  explicit.
- Troubleshooting guidance describes current behaviour without development
  upgrade instructions.
- CHANGELOG.txt contains one document title and a correctly formatted entry for
  the current release.

Result
------
Run the bundled validator from the package root to reproduce these checks:

  python DarkOneJSP3\tools\validate_release.py .
